1. 自我介绍：
Good afternoon, sir(or madam). It's realy a great honor to have this opportunity for an interview. Thank you for giving the chance to me and I hope I can make a good performance today.
    
Now I will introduce myself briefly. I come from Anhui Province, I'm 31 years old and graduated from NanChang Universty. My major is mathematics.
    
I have been enjoying life in Hangzhou for 5 years since 2017 and have been working in WuSeYun Company as a Front-end engineer. I'm mainly responsible for these projects.
    
The First is the meituwang which is integrated into the python rendering template and the page build by jquery. It's an e-commerce decoration software with many features. For example, image tagging, image matting, detail page creation, home page decoration and so on. Among these features, we use canvas to process images and handle big data calculation by webassembly. In detail page creation, we use dom's deformation to generate images.
    
The Second is the ShengXinKuaiChe which is a software that helps e-commerce merchants get resource space. This project is separated from front and back ends. I was responsible for leading the development of the project. I built the environment using webpack, react, redux and less.
    
Third is the reconfiguration of the meituwang. In 2021, as Taobao requires isv service providers to port their applications to the PC Qianniu applet. However, In Qianniu applet, we can only use js, html and css. So the old meituwang won't work. We used create-react-app to build the project and turn it into a multi-page application. 
	
The Fourth is the meituwang used in mobile, including H5, WeChat small program and Ali small program. We got multiple adaptations by uni-app. The technology stack includes vue-cli, vue, vuex, sass and so on. We have encountered many compatibility issues, such as a 300 millisecond click delay. 
    
I think I have earned and learned many interpersonal and technical skills from the working experience, The technologies I mainly use include webpack, react, redux, vue, vuex, less, sass and so on. I think I'm a good team player.
	
I'm honest, posiive and hardworking and longing for the working environment in the foreign company.
    
In the end, thank you angin for giving me the opportunity to interview and I'm very willing to join your company.

2. 你为什么离职？
Why did you leave your job?

Because my current job is difficult to have promotion, in order to break through, I am looking for new opportunities

3. 你觉得你的优势是什么？
What do you think are your advantages？

I have led several projects, have extensive project experience and have a great learning ability. Also good at interpersonal relationships. 

4. 你期望的薪资是多少
What is your expected salary？

My current salary is 18k times 16 months, so I expect to move up from that, I'd like it to be 30k times 12 months